Brendan Cross


Strategic Communications Assistant


* brendancross888@gmail.com


* https://www.linkedin.com/in/brendan-cross-b7b623227/


* https://x.com/BCross888


* https://github.com/bcrossUMD1


Experience:


Strategic Communications Assistant


Maryland Athletics


Feb. 2023 – Present


Primary media contact for University of Maryland Women’s Tennis (2023-2024). Responsible for managing and curating social media content, writing and publishing press releases, writing previews and game recaps for umterps.com, responsible for live tweeting and stats for all tennis matches, managing media requests, and communicating gameday information. Assisting other sports, delivering in-game statistics and relevant materials to game broadcasts, assisting with postgame press conferences, coordinating with gameday media  




Contributing Writer


Fansided


July 2023 – Jan. 2024


Produce breaking news, opinion, and feature stories covering the Boston Red Sox using relevant statistics and analytics


Reporting Intern


Montgomery Community Media


Aug. 2023 - Nov. 2023


Produce breaking news and feature stories about local government, sports, and community events in Montgomery County
News Reporter


WMUC Radio


Feb. 2023 – June 2023


Produce reader stories and news packages about campus news, sports news, and local/national news for WMUC radio, manage X account, post to promote shows and upcoming stories        




Freelance Writer


The Diamondback


Feb. 2023 Year – June 2023


Research relevant data and information, interview subjects, write and submit work to editors, work with staff on fact-checking and editing stories 




Equipment Manager


Maryland Football


Feb. 2022 - Dec. 2022


Maintain and distribute team equipment, assist with practice and gameday operations




Education:


Bachelor of Arts, Journalism, University of Maryland, Expected 2025


Skills: 
* Content Creation: Responsible for managing and curating social media content on X, Instagram, and Facebook with a combined 21% increase in followers across each platform for Maryland Tennis. Often having to create and post content in a timely manner during matches
* Adobe Photoshop: Cropping photos, using graphic templates, and editing photos for use on social media and athletic website
* Writing: Experience with multiple journalism organizations and also experience in writing for athletic communications. Experienced in different writing styles including breaking news, features, and press releases.